Revise Music Assistant integration documentation (#41599)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/music_assistant.markdown

The **Music Assistant** (MA) {% term integration %} allows you to connect Home Assistant to a [Music Assistant Server](https://music-assistant.io/) (Required version 2.4 or later). Once configured, all [MA Players](https://music-assistant.io/player-support/) show up as Home Assistant [media player entities](/integrations/media_player/).  Media players will allow you to control media playback and see the currently playing item.

## Prerequisites

> Before installing this integration ensure you have a running Music Assistant server. Instructions for installing the Music Assistant server are available in the [Music Assistant documentation](https://www.music-assistant.io/installation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing this integration, ensure you have a running Music Assistant server. Instructions for installing the Music Assistant server are available in the [Music Assistant documentation](https://www.music-assistant.io/installation/)
```

> Before installing this integration ensure a running Music Assistant server is available. Instructions for installing the Music Assistant server is available in the [Music Assistant documentation](https://www.music-assistant.io/installation/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before installing this integration ensure you have a running Music Assistant server. Instructions for installing the Music Assistant server are available in the [Music Assistant documentation](https://www.music-assistant.io/installation/)
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

### Manual configuration

> Under normal circumstances, Home Assistant automatically discovers your running Music Assistant server. If there is something special about the HA or MA setup (for example, the MA server is running as a remote Docker container) or discovery is not working, you can manually specify the URL to your Music Assistant server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under normal circumstances, Home Assistant automatically discovers your running Music Assistant server. If there is something special about the Home Assistant or Music Assistant setup (for example, the Music Assistant server is running as a remote Docker container) or discovery is not working, you can manually specify the URL to your Music Assistant server.
```

> Under normal circumstances, Home Assistant automatically discovers your running Music Assistant Server. If there is something special about the Home Assistant or MA setup (for example, the MA server is running as a remote Docker container) or discovery is not working, you can manually specify the URL to your Music Assistant server. If the Music Assistant Server is not installed, then follow these [installation instructions](https://music-assistant.io/installation/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under normal circumstances, Home Assistant automatically discovers your running Music Assistant server. If there is something special about the HA or MA setup (for example, the MA server is running as a remote Docker container) or discovery is not working, you can manually specify the URL to your Music Assistant server.
```

All of the Home Assistant [Media Player Control Actions](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/media_player/#media-control-actions) are supported.

> If using `media_player.play_media` then note the `media_content_id` payload can be any of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using `media_player.play_media`, then note the `media_content_id` payload can be any of the following:
```

- The name of a track, artist, or album. For example, `Queen`.
- A track or album combined with the artist's name. For example, `Queen - Innuendo`.
- A streaming provider URI. For example, `spotify://artist/12345`.
- A streaming provider URL. For example, `https://open.spotify.com/track/31cWPvM99ZHxMl3mdgiw4I`.

> If using `media_player.browse_media` then the `media_content_id` payload must be a URI of the form `library://artist/1`, `library://album/20`, or `spotify://album/5zj4Ej0FrlJQaSo0d6cttH`. The type of item that the URI refers to must be an album or artist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using `media_player.browse_media`, then the `media_content_id` payload must be a URI of the form `library://artist/1`, `library://album/20`, or `spotify://album/5zj4Ej0FrlJQaSo0d6cttH`. The type of item that the URI refers to must be an album or artist.
```
